FOOD

ROASTBEEF; MUTTON; BREAKFAST; SUGAR; CRANBERRIES; MILK; EGGS; APPLE;
TAILS; LUNCH; CUPS; RHUBARB; SINGLE; FISH; CAKE; CUSTARD; POTATOES;
ASPARAGUS; BUTTER; END OF SUMMER; SAUSAGES; CELERY; VEAL; VEGETABLE;
COOKING; CHICKEN; PASTRY; CREAM; CUCUMBER; DINNER; DINING; EATING;
SALAD; SAUCE; SALMON; ORANGE; COCOA; AND CLEAR SOUP AND ORANGES AND
OAT-MEAL; SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE; A CENTRE IN A TABLE.

ROASTBEEF.

In the inside there is sleeping, in the outside there is reddening, in
the morning there is meaning, in the evening there is feeling. In the
evening there is feeling. In feeling anything is resting, in feeling
anything is mounting, in feeling there is resignation, in feeling there
is recognition, in feeling there is recurrence and entirely mistaken
there is pinching. All the standards have steamers and all the curtains
have bed linen and all the yellow has discrimination and all the circle
has circling. This makes sand.

Very well. Certainly the length is thinner and the rest, the round rest
has a longer summer. To shine, why not shine, to shine, to station, to
enlarge, to hurry the measure all this means nothing if there is
singing, if there is singing then there is the resumption.

The change the dirt, not to change dirt means that there is no beefsteak
and not to have that is no obstruction, it is so easy to exchange
meaning, it is so easy to see the difference. The difference is that a
plain resource is not entangled with thickness and it does not mean that
thickness shows such cutting, it does mean that a meadow is useful and a
cow absurd. It does not mean that there are tears, it does not mean that
exudation is cumbersome, it means no more than a memory, a choice and a
re‘stablishment, it means more than any escape from a surrounding extra.
All the time that there is use there is use and any time there is a
surface there is a surface, and every time there is an exception there
is an exception and every time there is a division there is a dividing.
Any time there is a surface there is a surface and every time there is a
suggestion there is a suggestion and every time there is silence there
is silence and every time that is languid there is that there then and
not oftener, not always, not particular, tender and changing and
external and central and surrounded and singular and simple and the same
and the surface and the circle and the shine and the succor and the
white and the same and the better and the red and the same and the
centre and the yellow and the tender and the better, and altogether.

Considering the circumstances there is no occasion for a reduction,
considering that there is no pealing there is no occasion for an
obligation, considering that there is no outrage there is no necessity
for any reparation, considering that there is no particle sodden there
is no occasion for deliberation. Considering everything and which way
the turn is tending, considering everything why is there no restraint,
considering everything what makes the place settle and the plate
distinguish some specialties. The whole thing is not understood and this
is not strange considering that there is no education, this is not
strange because having that certainly does show the difference in
cutting, it shows that when there is turning there is no distress.

In kind, in a control, in a period, in the alteration of pigeons, in
kind cuts and thick and thin spaces, in kind ham and different colors,
the length of leaning a strong thing outside not to make a sound but to
suggest a crust, the principal taste is when there is a whole chance to
be reasonable, this does not mean that there is overtaking, this means
nothing precious, this means clearly that the chance to exercise is a
social success. So then the sound is not obtrusive. Suppose it is
obtrusive suppose it is. What is certainly the desertion is not a
reduced description, a description is not a birthday.

Lovely snipe and tender turn, excellent vapor and slender butter, all
the splinter and the trunk, all the poisonous darkning drunk, all the
joy in weak success, all the joyful tenderness, all the section and the
tea, all the stouter symmetry.

Around the size that is small, inside the stern that is the middle,
besides the remains that are praying, inside the between that is
turning, all the region is measuring and melting is exaggerating.

Rectangular ribbon does not mean that there is no eruption it means that
if there is no place to hold there is no place to spread. Kindness is
not earnest, it is not assiduous it is not revered.

Room to comb chickens and feathers and ripe purple, room to curve single
plates and large sets and second silver, room to send everything away,
room to save heat and distemper, room to search a light that is simpler,
all room has no shadow.

There is no use there is no use at all in smell, in taste, in teeth, in
toast, in anything, there is no use at all and the respect is mutual.

Why should that which is uneven, that which is resumed, that which is
tolerable why should all this resemble a smell, a thing is there, it
whistles, it is not narrower, why is there no obligation to stay away
and yet courage, courage is everywhere and the best remains to stay.

If there could be that which is contained in that which is felt there
would be a chair where there are chairs and there would be no more
denial about a clatter. A clatter is not a smell. All this is good.

The Saturday evening which is Sunday is every week day. What choice is
there when there is a difference. A regulation is not active.
Thirstiness is not equal division.

Anyway, to be older and ageder is not a surfeit nor a suction, it is not
dated and careful, it is not dirty. Any little thing is clean, rubbing
is black. Why should ancient lambs be goats and young colts and never
beef, why should they, they should because there is so much difference
in age.

A sound, a whole sound is not separation, a whole sound is in an order.

Suppose there is a pigeon, suppose there is.

Looseness, why is there a shadow in a kitchen, there is a shadow in a
kitchen because every little thing is bigger.

The time when there are four choices and there are four choices in a
difference, the time when there are four choices there is a kind and
there is a kind. There is a kind. There is a kind. Supposing there is a
bone, there is a bone. Supposing there are bones. There are bones. When
there are bones there is no supposing there are bones. There are bones
and there is that consuming. The kindly way to feel separating is to
have a space between. This shows a likeness.

Hope in gates, hope in spoons, hope in doors, hope in tables, no hope in
daintiness and determination. Hope in dates.

Tin is not a can and a stove is hardly. Tin is not necessary and neither
is a stretcher. Tin is never narrow and thick.

Color is in coal. Coal is outlasting roasting and a spoonful, a whole
spoon that is full is not spilling. Coal any coal is copper.

Claiming nothing, not claiming anything, not a claim in everything,
collecting claiming, all this makes a harmony, it even makes a
succession.

Sincerely gracious one morning, sincerely graciously trembling, sincere
in gracious eloping, all this makes a furnace and a blanket. All this
shows quantity.

Like an eye, not so much more, not any searching, no compliments.

Please be the beef, please beef, pleasure is not wailing. Please beef,
please be carved clear, please be a case of consideration.

Search a neglect. A sale, any greatness is a stall and there is no
memory, there is no clear collection.

A satin sight, what is a trick, no trick is mountainous and the color,
all the rush is in the blood.

Bargaining for a little, bargain for a touch, a liberty, an
estrangement, a characteristic turkey.

Please spice, please no name, place a whole weight, sink into a standard
rising, raise a circle, choose a right around, make the resonance
accounted and gather green any collar.

To bury a slender chicken, to raise an old feather, to surround a
garland and to bake a pole splinter, to suggest a repose and to settle
simply, to surrender one another, to succeed saving simpler, to satisfy
a singularity and not to be blinder, to sugar nothing darker and to read
redder, to have the color better, to sort out dinner, to remain
together, to surprise no sinner, to curve nothing sweeter, to continue
thinner, to increase in resting recreation to design string not dimmer.

Cloudiness what is cloudiness, is it a lining, is it a roll, is it
melting.

The sooner there is jerking, the sooner freshness is tender, the sooner
the round it is not round the sooner it is withdrawn in cutting, the
sooner the measure means service, the sooner there is chinking, the
sooner there is sadder than salad, the sooner there is none do her, the
sooner there is no choice, the sooner there is a gloom freer, the same
sooner and more sooner, this is no error in hurry and in pressure and in
opposition to consideration.

A recital, what is a recital, it is an organ and use does not strengthen
valor, it soothes medicine.

A transfer, a large transfer, a little transfer, some transfer, clouds
and tracks do transfer, a transfer is not neglected.

Pride, when is there perfect pretence, there is no more than yesterday
and ordinary.

A sentence of a vagueness that is violence is authority and a mission
and stumbling and also certainly also a prison. Calmness, calm is beside
the plate and in way in. There is no turn in terror. There is no volume
in sound.

There is coagulation in cold and there is none in prudence. Something is
preserved and the evening is long and the colder spring has sudden
shadows in a sun. All the stain is tender and lilacs really lilacs are
disturbed. Why is the perfect re‘stablishment practiced and prized, why
is it composed. The result the pure result is juice and size and baking
and exhibition and nonchalance and sacrifice and volume and a section in
division and the surrounding recognition and horticulture and no murmur.
This is a result. There is no superposition and circumstance, there is
hardness and a reason and the rest and remainder. There is no delight
and no mathematics.

MUTTON.

A letter which can wither, a learning which can suffer and an outrage
which is simultaneous is principal.

Student, students are merciful and recognised they chew something.

Hate rests that is solid and sparse and all in a shape and largely very
largely. Interleaved and successive and a sample of smell all this makes
a certainty a shade.

Light curls very light curls have no more curliness than soup. This is
not a subject.

Change a single stream of denting and change it hurriedly, what does it
express, it expresses nausea. Like a very strange likeness and pink,
like that and not more like that than the same resemblance and not more
like that than no middle space in cutting.

An eye glass, what is an eye glass, it is water. A splendid specimen,
what is it when it is little and tender so that there are parts. A
centre can place and four are no more and two and two are not middle.

Melting and not minding, safety and powder, a particular recollection
and a sincere solitude all this makes a shunning so thorough and so
unrepeated and surely if there is anything left it is a bone. It is not
solitary.

Any space is not quiet it is so likely to be shiny. Darkness very dark
darkness is sectional. There is a way to see in onion and surely very
surely rhubarb and a tomato, surely very surely there is that seeding. A
little thing in is a little thing.

Mud and water were not present and not any more of either. Silk and
stockings were not present and not any more of either. A receptacle and
a symbol and no monster were present and no more. This made a piece show
and was it a kindness, it can be asked was it a kindness to have it
warmer, was it a kindness and does gliding mean more. Does it.

Does it dirty a ceiling. It does not. Is it dainty, it is if prices are
sweet. Is it lamentable, it is not if there is no undertaker. Is it
curious, it is not when there is youth. All this makes a line, it even
makes makes no more. All this makes cherries. The reason that there is a
suggestion in vanity is due to this that there is a burst of mixed
music.

A temptation any temptation is an exclamation if there are misdeeds and
little bones. It is not astonishing that bones mingle as they vary not
at all and in any case why is a bone outstanding, it is so because the
circumstance that does not make a cake and character is so easily
churned and cherished.

Mouse and mountain and a quiver, a quaint statue and pain in an exterior
and silence more silence louder shows salmon a mischief intender. A
cake, a real salve made of mutton and liquor, a specially retained
rinsing and an established cork and blazing, this which resignation
influences and restrains, restrains more altogether. A sign is the
specimen spoken.

A meal in mutton, mutton, why is lamb cheaper, it is cheaper because so
little is more. Lecture, lecture and repeat instruction.

BREAKFAST.

A change, a final change includes potatoes. This is no authority for the
abuse of cheese. What language can instruct any fellow.

A shining breakfast, a breakfast shining, no dispute, no practice,
nothing, nothing at all.

A sudden slice changes the whole plate, it does so suddenly.

An imitation, more imitation, imitation succeed imitations.

Anything that is decent, anything that is present, a calm and a cook and
more singularly still a shelter, all these show the need of clamor. What
is the custom, the custom is in the centre.

What is a loving tongue and pepper and more fish than there is when
tears many tears are necessary. The tongue and the salmon, there is not
salmon when brown is a color, there is salmon when there is no meaning
to an early morning being pleasanter. There is no salmon, there are no
tea-cups, there are the same kind of mushes as are used as stomachers by
the eating hopes that makes eggs delicious. Drink is likely to stir a
certain respect for an egg cup and more water melon than was ever eaten
yesterday. Beer is neglected and cocoanut is famous. Coffee all coffee
and a sample of soup all soup these are the choice of a baker. A white
cup means a wedding. A wet cup means a vacation. A strong cup means an
especial regulation. A single cup means a capital arrangement between
the drawer and the place that is open.

Price a price is not in language, it is not in custom, it is not in
praise.

A colored loss, why is there no leisure. If the persecution is so
outrageous that nothing is solemn is there any occasion for persuasion.

A grey turn to a top and bottom, a silent pocketful of much heating, all
the pliable succession of surrendering makes an ingenious joy.

A breeze in a jar and even then silence, a special anticipation in a
rack, a gurgle a whole gurgle and more cheese than almost anything, is
this an astonishment, does this incline more than the original division
between a tray and a talking arrangement and even then a calling into
another room gently with some chicken in any way.

A bent way that is a way to declare that the best is all together, a
bent way shows no result, it shows a slight restraint, it shows a
necessity for retraction.

Suspect a single buttered flower, suspect it certainly, suspect it and
then glide, does that not alter a counting.

A hurt mended stick, a hurt mended cup, a hurt mended article of
exceptional relaxation and annoyance, a hurt mended, hurt and mended is
so necessary that no mistake is intended.

What is more likely than a roast, nothing really and yet it is never
disappointed singularly.

A steady cake, any steady cake is perfect and not plain, any steady cake
has a mounting reason and more than that it has singular crusts. A
season of more is a season that is instead. A season of many is not more
a season than most.

Take no remedy lightly, take no urging intently, take no separation
leniently, beware of no lake and no larder.

Burden the cracked wet soaking sack heavily, burden it so that it is an
institution in fright and in climate and in the best plan that there can
be.

An ordinary color, a color is that strange mixture which makes, which
does make which does not make a ripe juice, which does not make a mat.

A work which is a winding a real winding of the cloaking of a relaxing
rescue. This which is so cool is not dusting, it is not dirtying in
smelling, it could use white water, it could use more extraordinarily
and in no solitude altogether. This which is so not winsome and not
widened and really not so dipped as dainty and really dainty, very
dainty, ordinarily, dainty, a dainty, not in that dainty and dainty. If
the time is determined, if it is determined and there is reunion there
is reunion with that then outline, then there is in that a piercing
shutter, all of a piercing shouter, all of a quite weather, all of a
withered exterior, all of that in most violent likely.

An excuse is not dreariness, a single plate is not butter, a single
weight is not excitement, a solitary crumbling is not only martial.

A mixed protection, very mixed with the same actual intentional
unstrangeness and riding, a single action caused necessarily is not more
a sign than a minister.

Seat a knife near a cage and very near a decision and more nearly a
timely working cat and scissors. Do this temporarily and make no more
mistake in standing. Spread it all and arrange the white place, does
this show in the house, does it not show in the green that is not
necessary for that color, does it not even show in the explanation and
singularly not at all stationary.

SUGAR.

A violent luck and a whole sample and even then quiet.

Water is squeezing, water is almost squeezing on lard. Water, water is a
mountain and it is selected and it is so practical that there is no use
in money. A mind under is exact and so it is necessary to have a mouth
and eye glasses.

A question of sudden rises and more time than awfulness is so easy and
shady. There is precisely that noise.

A peck a small piece not privately overseen, not at all not a slice, not
at all crestfallen and open, not at all mounting and chaining and evenly
surpassing, all the bidding comes to tea.

A separation is not tightly in worsted and sauce, it is so kept well and
sectionally.

Put it in the stew, put it to shame. A little slight shadow and a solid
fine furnace.

The teasing is tender and trying and thoughtful.

The line which sets sprinkling to be a remedy is beside the best cold.

A puzzle, a monster puzzle, a heavy choking, a neglected Tuesday.

Wet crossing and a likeness, any likeness, a likeness has blisters, it
has that and teeth, it has the staggering blindly and a little green,
any little green is ordinary.

One, two and one, two, nine, second and five and that.

A blaze, a search in between, a cow, only any wet place, only this tune.

Cut a gas jet uglier and then pierce pierce in between the next and
negligence. Choose the rate to pay and pet pet very much. A collection
of all around, a signal poison, a lack of languor and more hurts at
ease.

A white bird, a colored mine, a mixed orange, a dog.

Cuddling comes in continuing a change.

A piece of separate outstanding rushing is so blind with open delicacy.

A canoe is orderly. A period is solemn. A cow is accepted.

A nice old chain is widening, it is absent, it is laid by.

CRANBERRIES.

Could there not be a sudden date, could there not be in the present
settlement of old age pensions, could there not be by a witness, could
there be.

Count the chain, cut the grass, silence the noon and murder flies. See
the basting undip the chart, see the way the kinds are best seen from
the rest, from that and untidy.

Cut the whole space into twenty-four spaces and then and then is there a
yellow color, there is but it is smelled, it is then put where it is and
nothing stolen.

A remarkable degree of red means that, a remarkable exchange is made.

Climbing altogether in when there is a solid chance of soiling no more
than a dirty thing, coloring all of it in steadying is jelly.

Just as it is suffering, just as it is succeeded, just as it is moist so
is there no countering.

MILK.

A white egg and a colored pan and a cabbage showing settlement, a
constant increase.

A cold in a nose, a single cold nose makes an excuse. Two are more
necessary.

All the goods are stolen, all the blisters are in the cup.

Cooking, cooking is the recognition between sudden and nearly sudden
very little and all large holes.

A real pint, one that is open and closed and in the middle is so bad.

Tender colds, seen eye holders, all work, the best of change, the
meaning, the dark red, all this and bitten, really bitten.

Guessing again and golfing again and the best men, the very best men.

MILK.

Climb up in sight climb in the whole utter needles and a guess a whole
guess is hanging. Hanging hanging.

EGGS.

Kind height, kind in the right stomach with a little sudden mill.

Cunning shawl, cunning shawl to be steady.

In white in white handkerchiefs with little dots in a white belt all
shadows are singular they are singular and procured and relieved.

No that is not the cows shame and a precocious sound, it is a bite.

Cut up alone the paved way which is harm. Harm is old boat and a likely
dash.

APPLE.

Apple plum, carpet steak, seed clam, colored wine, calm seen, cold
cream, best shake, potato, potato and no no gold work with pet, a green
seen is called bake and change sweet is bready, a little piece a little
piece please.

A little piece please. Cane again to the presupposed and ready
eucalyptus tree, count out sherry and ripe plates and little corners of
a kind of ham. This is use.

TAILS.

Cold pails, cold with joy no joy.

A tiny seat that means meadows and a lapse of cuddles with cheese and
nearly bats, all this went messed. The post placed a loud loose sprain.
A rest is no better. It is better yet. All the time.

LUNCH.

Luck in loose plaster makes holy gauge and nearly that, nearly more
states, more states come in town light kite, blight not white.

A little lunch is a break in skate a little lunch so slimy, a west end
of a board line is that which shows a battle beneath so that necessity
is a silk under wear. That is best wet. It is so natural, and why is
there flake, there is flake to explain exhaust.

A real cold hen is nervous is nervous with a towel with a spool with
real beads. It is mostly an extra sole nearly all that shaved, shaved
with an old mountain, more than that bees more than that dinner and a
bunch of likes that is to say the hearts of onions aim less.

Cold coffee with a corn a corn yellow and green mass is a gem.

CUPS.

A single example of excellence is in the meat. A bent stick is surging
and might all might is mental. A grand clothes is searching out a candle
not that wheatly not that by more than an owl and a path. A ham is proud
of cocoanut.

A cup is neglected by being all in size. It is a handle and meadows and
sugar any sugar.

A cup is neglected by being full of size. It shows no shade, in come
little wood cuts and blessing and nearly not that not with a wild bought
in, not at all so polite, not nearly so behind.

Cups crane in. They need a pet oyster, they need it so hoary and nearly
choice. The best slam is utter. Nearly be freeze.

Why is a cup a stir and a behave. Why is it so seen.

A cup is readily shaded, it has in between no sense that is to say
music, memory, musical memory.

Peanuts blame, a half sand is holey and nearly.

RHUBARB.

Rhubarb is susan not susan not seat in bunch toys not wild and laughable
not in little places not in neglect and vegetable not in fold coal age
not please.

SINGLE FISH.

Single fish single fish single fish egg-plant single fish sight.

A sweet win and not less noisy than saddle and more ploughing and nearly
well painted by little things so.

Please shade it a play. It is necessary and beside the large sort is
puff.

Every way oakly, please prune it near. It is so found.

It is not the same.

CAKE.

Cake cast in went to be and needles wine needles are such.

This is today. A can experiment is that which makes a town, makes a town
dirty, it is little please. We came back. Two bore, bore what, a mussed
ash, ash when there is tin. This meant cake. It was a sign.

Another time there was extra a hat pin sought long and this dark made a
display. The result was yellow. A caution, not a caution to be.

It is no use to cause a foolish number. A blanket stretch a cloud, a
shame, all that bakery can tease, all that is beginning and yesterday
yesterday we had it met. It means some change. No some day.

A little leaf upon a scene an ocean any where there, a bland and likely
in the stream a recollection green land. Why white.

CUSTARD.

Custard is this. It has aches, aches when. Not to be. Not to be
narrowly. This makes a whole little hill.

It is better than a little thing that has mellow real mellow. It is
better than lakes whole lakes, it is better than seeding.

POTATOES.

Real potatoes cut in between.

POTATOES.

In the preparation of cheese, in the preparation of crackers, in the
preparation of butter, in it.

ROAST POTATOES.

Roast potatoes for.

ASPARAGUS.

Asparagus in a lean in a lean to hot. This makes it art and it is wet
wet weather wet weather wet.

BUTTER.

Boom in boom in, butter. Leave a grain and show it, show it. I spy.

It is a need it is a need that a flower a state flower. It is a need
that a state rubber. It is a need that a state rubber is sweet and sight
and a swelled stretch. It is a need. It is a need that state rubber.

Wood a supply. Clean little keep a strange, estrange on it.

Make a little white, no and not with pit, pit on in within.

END OF SUMMER.

Little eyelets that have hammer and a check with stripes between a
lounge, in wit, in a rested development.

SAUSAGES.

Sausages in between a glass.

There is read butter. A loaf of it is managed. Wake a question. Eat an
instant, answer.

A reason for bed is this, that a decline, any decline is poison, poison
is a toe a toe extractor, this means a solemn change. Hanging.

No evil is wide, any extra in leaf is so strange and singular a red
breast.

CELERY.

Celery tastes tastes where in curled lashes and little bits and mostly
in remains.

A green acre is so selfish and so pure and so enlivened.

VEAL.

Very well very well, washing is old, washing is washing.

Cold soup, cold soup clear and particular and a principal a principal
question to put into.

VEGETABLE.

What is cut. What is cut by it. What is cut by it in.

It was a cress a crescent a cross and an unequal scream, it was
upslanting, it was radiant and reasonable with little ins and red.

News. News capable of glees, cut in shoes, belike under pump of wide
chalk, all this combing.

WAY LAY VEGETABLE.

Leaves in grass and mow potatoes, have a skip, hurry you up flutter.

Suppose it is ex a cake suppose it is new mercy and leave charlotte and
nervous bed rows. Suppose it is meal. Suppose it is sam.

COOKING.

Alas, alas the pull alas the bell alas the coach in china, alas the
little put in leaf alas the wedding butter meat, alas the receptacle,
alas the back shape of mussle, mussle and soda.

CHICKEN.

Pheasant and chicken, chicken is a peculiar third.

CHICKEN.

Alas a dirty word, alas a dirty third alas a dirty third, alas a dirty
bird.

CHICKEN.

Alas a doubt in case of more go to say what it is cress. What is it.
Mean. Potato. Loaves.

CHICKEN.

Stick stick call then, stick stick sticking, sticking with a chicken.
Sticking in a extra succession, sticking in.

CHAIN-BOATS.

Chain-boats are merry, are merry blew, blew west, carpet.

PASTRY.

Cutting shade, cool spades and little last beds, make violet, violet
when.

CREAM.

In a plank, in a play sole, in a heated red left tree there is shut in
specs with salt be where. This makes an eddy. Necessary.

CREAM.

Cream cut. Any where crumb. Left hop chambers.

CUCUMBER.

Not a razor less, not a razor, ridiculous pudding, red and relet put in,
rest in a slender go in selecting, rest in, rest in in white widening.

DINNER.

Not a little fit, not a little fit sun sat in shed more mentally.

Let us why, let us why weight, let us why winter chess, let us why way.

Only a moon to soup her, only that in the sell never never be the cocups
nice be, shatter it they lay.

Egg ear nuts, look a bout. Shoulder. Let it strange, sold in bell next
herds.

It was a time when in the acres in late there was a wheel that shot a
burst of land and needless are niggers and a sample sample set of old
eaten butterflies with spoons, all of it to be are fled and measure make
it, make it, yet all the one in that we see where shall not it set with
a left and more so, yes there add when the longer not it shall the best
in the way when all be with when shall not for there with see and chest
how for another excellent and excellent and easy easy excellent and easy
express e c, all to be nice all to be no so. All to be no so no so. All
to be not a white old chat churner. Not to be any example of an edible
apple in.

DINING.

Dining is west.

EATING.

Eat ting, eating a grand old man said roof and never never re soluble
burst, not a near ring not a bewildered neck, not really any such bay.

Is it so a noise to be is it a least remain to rest, is it a so old say
to be, is it a leading are been. Is it so, is it so, is it so, is it so
is it so is it so.

Eel us eel us with no no pea no pea cool, no pea cool cooler, no pea
cooler with a land a land cost in, with a land cost in stretches.

Eating he heat eating he heat it eating, he heat it heat eating. He heat
eating.

A little piece of pay of pay owls owls such as pie, bolsters.

Will leap beat, willie well all. The rest rest oxen occasion occasion to
be so purred, so purred how.

It was a ham it was a square come well it was a square remain, a square
remain not it a bundle, not it a bundle so is a grip, a grip to shed bay
leave bay leave draught, bay leave draw cider in low, cider in low and
george. George is a mass.

EATING.

It was a shame it was a shame to stare to stare and double and relieve
relieve be cut up show as by the elevation of it and out out more in the
steady where the come and on and the all the shed and that.

It was a garden and belows belows straight. It was a pea, a pea pour it
in its not a succession, not it a simple, not it a so election, election
with.

SALAD.

It is a winning cake.

SAUCE.

What is bay labored what is all be section, what is no much. Sauce sam
in.

SALMON.

It was a peculiar bin a bin fond in beside.

ORANGE.

Why is a feel oyster an egg stir. Why is it orange centre.

A show at tick and loosen loosen it so to speak sat.

It was an extra leaker with a see spoon, it was an extra licker with a
see spoon.

ORANGE.

A type oh oh new new not no not knealer knealer of old show beefsteak,
neither neither.

ORANGES.

Build is all right.

ORANGE IN.

Go lack go lack use to her.

Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.

Whist bottom whist close, whist clothes, woodling.

Cocoa and clear soup and oranges and oat-meal.

Pain soup, suppose it is question, suppose it is butter, real is, real
is only, only excreate, only excreate a no since.

A no, a no since, a no since when, a no since when since, a no since
when since a no since when since, a no since, a no since when since, a
no since, a no, a no since a no since, a no since, a no since.

SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.

Please pale hot, please cover rose, please acre in the red stranger,
please butter all the beef-steak with regular feel faces.

SALAD DRESSING AND AN ARTICHOKE.

It was please it was please carriage cup in an ice-cream, in an
ice-cream it was too bended bended with scissors and all this time. A
whole is inside a part, a part does go away, a hole is red leaf. No
choice was where there was and a second and a second.

A CENTRE IN A TABLE.

It was a way a day, this made some sum. Suppose a cod liver a cod liver
is an oil, suppose a cod liver oil is tunny, suppose a cod liver oil
tunny is pressed suppose a cod liver oil tunny pressed is china and
secret with a bestow a bestow reed, a reed to be a reed to be, in a reed
to be.

Next to me next to a folder, next to a folder some waiter, next to a
foldersome waiter and re letter and read her. Read her with her for
less.
